brick6.png false
brickdownshadow.png true
bricktopshadow.png false
brick_down.png false
brick_down_left.png false
brick_down_right.png false
brick_left.png false
brick_right.png false
brick_top.png false
brick_top_left.png false
brick_top_right.png false
grass1.png false
grass2.png false
grass3.png false
grass4.png false
grassshadow.png true
grasswall_left.png true
grasswall_right.png true
grasswall_top.png true
grasswall_top_left1.png true
grasswall_top_left2.png true
grasswall_top_right1.png true
grasswall_top_right2.png true
grass_water1.png false
grass_water2.png false
metal1.png false
metal1_grass_down.png false
metal1_grass_down_left.png false
metal1_grass_down_right.png false
metal1_grass_left.png false
metal1_grass_right.png false
metal1_grass_top.png false
metal1_grass_top_left.png false
metal1_grass_top_right.png false
metal2.png false
metal3.png false
metalshadow_down.png true
metalshadow_down_left.png false
metalshadow_down_right.png false
metalshadow_left.png false
metalshadow_right.png false
metalshadow_right_left.png false
metalshadow_top.png false
metalshadow_top_left.png false
metalshadow_top_right.png false
metalshadow_top_right_left.png false
metalwall_down.png true
metalwall_down_left.png true
metalwall_down_right.png false
metalwall_left.png true
metalwall_right.png true
metalwall_top.png true
metalwall_top_down.png true
metalwall_top_down_left.png true
metalwall_top_down_right.png true
metalwall_top_left1.png false
metalwall_top_left2.png true
metalwall_top_right1.png true
metalwall_top_right2.png true
road1.png false
road2.png false
road3.png false
road4.png false
road5.png false
road6.png false
road7.png false
road8.png false
roadend_e.png false
roadend_n.png false
roadend_s.png false
roadend_w.png false
road_ne.png false
road_nw.png false
road_se.png false
road_sw.png false
shadow1.png true
shadow2.png true
shadow3.png true
shadow4.png true
Sprite-0001.png true
Sprite-0002.png true
Sprite-0003.png true
Sprite-0004.png true
Sprite-0005.png true
Sprite-0006.png true
Sprite-0007.png true
Sprite-0008.png true
Sprite-0009.png true
Sprite-0010.png true